docs: improve language in std-types section (#2876)
google/comprehensive-rust: src/std-types/exercise.md

In this exercise you will take a very simple data structure and make it generic.
It uses a
[`std::collections::HashMap`](https://doc.rust-lang.org/stable/std/collections/struct.HashMap.html)
to keep track of what values have been seen and how many times each one has
appeared.

> The initial version of `Counter` is hard-coded to only work for `u32` values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The initial version of `Counter` is hardcoded to only work for `u32` values.
```
